hi I'm happy world card-making day I'm
Susan opal and i'm the associate
creative editor of paper crafts magazine
what i'm going to do today is tell you a
little bit about this holiday and world
card-making day is just a great way to
get your leg up I'm making your
Christmas cards you know how you always
wait till the last minute wolf
card-making day says never ever do that
again and you're going to get started
today and get them done ahead of time so
you can enjoy the holidays now one of
the things that really inspired me when
I was thinking about world card-making
day is a new special issue that paper
craft has coming up called card creation
six card creation six is essentially the
Bible of card making if you want to make
a card you are going to gain so much
inspiration from this magazine it has
birthday cards and it has christmas
cards and it has Father's Day and
Mother's Day and encouragement and thank
you cards everything you would every
want and so much inspiration one thing i
did for today as i looked in the
season's greetings section to find a
card that inspired me and this code
right here by Sheree right who happens
to be from Michigan where I'm from she
remade this beautiful card and I was
really inspired by this card that she
made now sometimes when you're making a
card that you see in a magazine you have
no idea how you're going to find all the
things that you need and maybe you can't
afford to find every little bit and
piece that you find in the car but what
I did instead was I thought okay I'm
going to take some inspiration from it
and then make it my own just looking at
the card itself now you'll notice I am
lucky enough to score the exact pattern
paper so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to adhere that pattern paper I've
got a five by five card stock base and
so that gives me a starting point you
might notice too that the card itself is
a darker color that hers was which I
thought that's what
hey I kind of like really rich tones and
Hughes so I grabbed a little bit deeper
tone to go with my card now I didn't
have these specific snowflakes that he
had here but I do have some pretty cool
punches and so I thought I'm just going
to use those punches instead of the I
think these are stickers that she has so
I'm going to touch right here and then
another smaller one now you may not have
these exact bunches too but maybe you
can figure out a sticker or something
that you have that could sit in for that
embellishment all right I want to move
that up a little bit whoa I broke it
it's all right I'm card-making you can
fix anything all right now one of the
things that sherry did that I loved was
in the middle of each of these
snowflakes is a little bit of bling and
I kind of have a mantra the card is not
finished until there's a little bit of
bling on it so i will add just a tiny
shiny bit right there in the middle so
there you have the snowflakes
represented now the next thing she has
right here is actually she used black
velvet ribbon I didn't find black velvet
ribbon but it is a really good touch
that she did because this paper is flat
right here but I don't have that so
instead I decided to use some shiny and
beautiful ribbon i love this kind of
shiny ribbon it just adds a festive
touch to a card like this i'm actually
going to just tie that right here and
I'm not
that's over a little bit further
and then she does just some nice little
edges there so I'm going to cut it at a
slant that gives it kind of an elegant
look okay so now we're coming down to
the sentiment right here I'm not exactly
sure where she got this sentiment night
I did not have that in my stash what I
did have was on my scallop punch so I
thought well that's good i do with that
and then using my computer i created
this no it's not perfect but it has kind
of the same elements that she had and
still looks cute so I'll just use this
piece of over here attach them now if I
had some dimensional adhesive that might
be nice to a little foam tape to give
that some height so i'll put that right
there and then one last thing she is
just a nice little um snowflake there i
couldn't find a smaller one so i thought
well I'll just use another one of this
size right here I'll add that on this
time hopefully I won't rip it and with
one last little piece of bling poorly
placed let's fix them
we have a card similar but not exactly
the same great example of a holiday card
from sherri reitz so happy world
card-making day I hope you have a good
time get it done early so you won't kick
yourself later and then have a happy
holidays